[Music]
big music has launched the soundtrack of
sick under a co-production between big
pictures and filmmaker sooo delicious
production house the music of the film
has been scored by sunday sunday Leah
Justin oh there and shankar-ehsaan-loy
with the lyrics have been penned by
present Joshi the film stars on the
stool child actor in kuch kuch otay I
should kaput child artists from black al
Martin sanjay suri actually you gonna
dip chicken a la gana which out of the
game I'm gonna care about Kentucky
in can you do I mean no time we are
always always Jonathan today so we
readily agreed it is a beautiful song
written and of course admission I've
always done great work a few scares a
lot of work piranha someone I think the
advertising case so we are really very
happy to do this once offered the most
people thought arrest in Lake Michigan
installer fear cases to the city what is
from the corner of lake he asked as a
monument of a blueblood crying in there
it is he okay push agenda mr. hutchman
cows a cha here just for my club bought
the early age may terrorism parfaits
kenapa raha or how he takes up to
terrorism and what we not in fact mutual
a turkey mafia cha median hey Logan Pooh
a bear can make a key reality ki cookie
reality a wiki article push nearby choti
choti virtual coma club they're exposed
to terrorism to gun to pick up the gun
too they've been trained to do these
things in it's very sad or modular cocky
you film a body if I opener hello
karaoke to actually know exactly what
Acharya like shaggy ganya the football
college other eco calm a pastor a
thriller a filmic suspenseful NASCAR
history Rick honey boo sana tayo
Joanna's ebay agata body work for ya
come August repair suspenseful meant to
a goodie a dub are here my friend posted
up the work will stand without this yes
I guillaume canet